GCA Simulator v0.94b

Install

To install the GCA Simulator, just copy the folder GCA Simulator to anywhere on you computer. The
executable resides inside. 

Security

The code is packaged into an EXE-file with pyinstaller, which will cause some antivirus programs 
to flag it as a trojan. The program will make use ports 5005 and 5006 for data transfer when 
displaying plots. This is the case even when using the simulation in demo mode, as described below.

Quick start

Start the GCA Simulator. Upon execution the program will create the directory 
~/Documents/GCA Simulator Data, and copy some essential files here. This directory will hereafter be 
called the data folder. All new data will be saved in this location.

Demo Mode

After starting the GCA Simulator, press the Status button and then Demo Mode. This will open a file 
selection dialog, in which the file demo.txt should be choosable. Doubleclick the demo.txt to start 
the demonstration. This demo will send plot information to the simulator that was recorded when two
fighter jets and a slower transport aircraft lands on an airport in DCS. Also press the FULLSCREEN
button in the Status window to get rid of the scroll bars. The program is hard coded to use 
1920x1080 pixels, and a lower resolution than this on your monitor will be less than optimal.

Some buttons will demand a password due to the use of that functionality may compromise flight 
safety. The default password in this simulation is pwd, but this can be changed in the config
file found in the data directory.

To accompany the demo mode file, you will find a video file, demo.mp4, in the data folder. It is a 
recording of the actual flight that provided the plots that are replayed by the demo file. Start 
the demo mode and the video at the same time to get a feel for how a landing looks from the aircrafts 
point of view. The demo will repeat itself after just over 10 minutes, and if you set the video on 
repeat, they should stay in sync for some time.

Connect to DCS or X-Plane

Before connecting to a flight simulator of your choice, you must install a plugin. Plugins for DCS
and X-Plane (only 64-bit) are provided in this release. You will find them in the data folder together 
with instructions for how to install them. I may write a plugin for Microsoft Flight Simulator if I 
ever get around to buy the darn expensive thing. 

After installing the plugin, you must load an airport from within the Status window, and then press the 
Connect button. This will prompt you to enter the IP address to the computer on which the flight 
simulator is being run on. The Connect button will change to a bright yellow color as the data stream 
starts. Instructions on how to add you own airports to the GCA Simulator is found in the data folder. 
Look at the already present dcs_batumi.apt or xpl_batumi.apt (ordinary text files) for further 
instructions.

Uninstall

Just delete the GCA Simulator directory. Also delete the data folder (~/Documents/GCA Simulator Data/) 
with all its contents if you do not want to keep any saved data. 